#College notes management System




College Notes Gallery is a web-based notes-sharing and management system that helps students and teachers share their notes online efficiently. It reduces the wasting of time in manually distributing notes to each individual. It greatly overcomes the lack of availability and converts the manual old-school paperwork to a fully automated and managed online system. College Notes Gallery allows its users to securely register and log in to their individual accounts and create, read, update, and delete notes according to their needs. It provides notes to everyone in a very secure manner. Multiple users can work in this system at the same time under centralized supervision by an administrator. It is a very useful note management system for Colleges, Schools and other Institutes to manage and share their notes in a secure, efficient and effective manner.

Generally, the notes are circulated on WhatsApp or any kind so it gets exceptionally troublesome to manage the important notes at the time of require. Notes management System will give a simple approach to uploading, downloading, and managing the notes of their particular course. The system has 2 types of users which are the Admin (teachers), and the Students. It allows its users to securely register and log in to their individual accounts. The main objective of this system is to provide better facilities to the students and teachers to bring out the easy circulation of documents within a healthy environment. It will decrease the manual paperwork and it will reduce the sharing and distribution time. It is a very useful system for colleges, schools and other institutes to manage and share their notes in a secure, efficient and effective manner. The users are the students and teachers who want to search and reserve the notes suitable for them. A user has to log in first to upload or download the notes. If he/she has not registered, they can register first and then log in. A user can create, read, update and delete their notes in a managed format. Also, the system allows users to update their profile account details.

This college notes uploading system is in PHP, CSS, JAVASCRIPT and Bootstrap. Talking about the features of this system, it just contains both the admin section and the user section. The user can log in to look for various other notes/courses. While the admin can view all the users and manage them. The design of this project is easy to operate. In this project, we use the XAMPP server. XAMPP is a cross-platform web server that is free and open source. XAMPP is a short form for cross-platform, apache, MY-SQL, PHP, and Perl. XAMPP is a popular cross-platform web server that allows programmers to write and test their code on a local webserver. This local server runs on our personal computer, whether it is a desktop or a laptop. PHP is a server-side scripting language that is embedded in HTML. It is used to manage dynamic content, databases, session tracking, and even build entire e-commerce sites. It is integrated with a number of popular databases, including MySQL, etc. PHP performs system functions, i.e. from files on a system it can create, open, read, write and close them. 

